Oh someone's got a wicked skin for the
t-rex holy crap yeah which means it says
switch teams well I'm having like
Scottish music or Irish music business I
don't understand the drug there's gonna
be a t-rex around here somewhere cuz I'm
oh shit
some ramathorn I got him drunk oh he's
mad he's mad he's drunk there's two stay
with us lairs stay by the flares I hear
the rumbling of another t-rex
significantly
I've seen him get fucked up right now
our Rockets Kim let's get these little
fuckers
oh there's one he's drunk he's good and
drunk I got him good whoa shit who's
down with that
tango goat ow fuck come you little
fucker
fuckin know how always right there
Oh noscope are you are you unhappy that
I no scope you because you should be
yeah oh shit
oh okay now I'm so dead I'm so dead you
just drop me in the water
Wow he that was me you kill him these
guys seem to have a pretty good idea
where to camp
are you done sir I'm not gonna be a
bitch - I'm gonna be a bitch ass can't
prank get it - got what you say Nick
heard Brennan yeah I'm actually yeah
suppose we're supposed to be humans
together in this okay camping like a
bitch will try to flip the sniper
I don't play you're very much
oh this guy got right up here he's nuts
here he does not care he doesn't care
did you shoot him full of drunk juice
should pull about juice that's like a
but they just hit me in the face and I
died I got dumped so follow the fucking
rafter ah oh my god alright the
scientist sucks I hate being hurt you
must have to have like your will
interview yeah yeah a little bar manager
oh man that thing yeah haha new to blue
premise or everybody's in drugs
oh fucking hell how did he eat me
through a gate that makes no sense
the keep it strong I don't accept that
you should accept that here this way the
game works idiot just accept it
Wow that's all of a sudden Goldie's a
pro at this game I know yeah I'm a pro
watch this I'm gonna pounce you from all
the way down here mother fucker alone
doing Shetty's go check and I'm dead
killed by a t-rex oh shit do that that
was a mistake I'm gonna group up with
the rest you guys my problem is I'm too
alone we'll give me the trembler oh no
no no no I'm gonna get in trouble shit
it's gone it's here extra time I might
mean well I got a double though it's
okay yeah oh they're all down there
let's do this oh yes the power no dude
eat oh god I'm getting picked up thank
you whoever saved me who was on top of
one of you guys does I pounced on
someone fuck that
oh god you fucking fly bitch
I'm gonna be a sneaky Raptor he steps in
my face how fuckin t-rex goddamnit each
of you get destroyed
I used I believe let's go let's do this
I don't worry sweet ass skins yeah like
League of Legends accepted way better
you know way they don't cost a goddamn
fortune be cheese I'm never gonna shell
out $600 to this game for their skins
that's for sure
Kimberly bet you stomp on that dudes
face oh no from this fucking guy right
there
No okay I'm destroyed okay that's random
that's yeah I'm looking everybody up man
I got him
he ain't fucking me up cuz I got ya okay
burn okay yeah sure just turn around and
to knock me down that's cool I flame my
flames are nothing I forgot you're
immune to flames when you have that skin
as the t-rex hey it's true fucking
flares I can't see shit there are two
t-rex isn't it they're both coming after
me - it's great where is the one on both
sides
do you fucking kill those fucking
revenge fuck you got you you fast remove
your fucking brother right now no I'm
gonna get eaten by anbu never mind you
up easy you're mine I'm gonna I'm gonna
provide him sustenance what I meant
where's everybody I want to kill you you
guys are in music with playing I know
yeah it's like very Irish sounding yeah
I know Oh kill the two I pounce
perfectly damn I feel like like we're
building that doesn't make any sense
okay I got goo all over me damn it hope
that fire kills you eventually Wow next
time I see red comes at me I'm gonna
chainsaw I don't even care should play
this game here Anthony do all sorts of
corks launching that's true he has a fan
of that shit come here you I'm so tired
of getting killed by goddamn t-rex
seriously Hey Raptors come back here oh
I'm back baby I'm back in action oh
you're so fucking lucky riding up there
you little goon dude t-rex's are eating
me up every single time I spawn shit
stick to my ass I'm gonna spawn in the
t-rex central yeah yeah we're gonna get
yes 11/8 music mode is like terrible I
just froze on the t-rex like right after
it gobbled someone I don't see the
scoreboard okay there it is